Write upgrading guide for v1.0.0 (#646)
membraneframework/membrane_core: guides/upgrading/v1.0.0.md

# Upgrading to v1.0.0

> Comparing to v0.12, v1.0.0 introduces many changes in the public API of the framework. This guide was created to help you migrate to v1.0.0 of `membrane_core`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Comparing to v0.12, v1.0.0 introduces some minor changes in the public API of the framework. This guide was created to help you migrate to v1.0.0 of `membrane_core`.
```

:D

If you need to start the pipeline as soon as possible, simply do not return the `:playback` action in `c:Membrane.Pipeline.handle_init/2` or `c:Membrane.Pipeline.handle_setup/2` callbacks:
```diff
@impl true
def handle_setup(_ctx, state) do
  ...
- {[playback: :playing], state}
+ {[], state}
end
```
In case you need to defer the moment the pipeline starts playing, and for this purpose you have returned `:playback` action in some other callback than `handle_init` or `handle_setup`, now you need to do two things - first, mark the setup as incomplete with `t:Membrane.Pipeline.Action.setup/0` action returned from `handle_setup`, to prevent it from automatically changing the playback to `:playing`:

```diff
+ @impl true
+ def handle_setup(_ctx, state) do
+   {[setup: :incomplete], state}
+ end
```

Then, you need to return `setup: :complete` instead of `playback: :playing` action in a callback after which completion you want your pipeline to start playing:
```diff
@impl true
def handle_info(:now_start_playing, _ctx, state) do
...
- {[playback: playing], state}
+ {[setup: :complete], state}
end

> ```

Reviewer: I guess this was already introduced in 0.12 🤔 https://hexdocs.pm/membrane_core/0.12.9/v0-12.html#remove-playback-action
